[Music]
there are so many baffling mysteries in
the world who lives at the bottom of the
Mariana Trench are we alone in the
universe
why do buffalos have wings but there are
just as many hidden secrets in everyday
objects that surround you don't believe
me hey I get that but then how many of
these did you already know you can
frustrate yourself trying to grab
noodles and rise from the corners of
your oyster pail that's the takeout box
they give you a Chinese restaurants
or you can unfold the box and it becomes
a plate they're much better some
button-down shirts have a button on the
back of the collar it's there so the tie
doesn't stick out from under the collar
as for that locker loop on the back it's
so you can hang the shirt on a hook
without wrinkling it the holes in the
sides of your sneakers are there for
lacing loop the shoestring through them
and your sneakers will fit more snugly
instead of rubbing against your heel the
holes also provide ventilation you look
at your gas gauge every day but have you
ever noticed a little arrow on it it
points to which side the gas tank is on
in case you always forget or you're in a
rental that fluffy ball on your winter
beanie has mysterious origins while they
probably go back even further what is
known is that 18th century French
soldiers wore these pom-poms on their
caps to protect their heads from getting
bang on low ship deck ceilings that
drawer on the bottom of your stove
wasn't meant to store pans and cookie
sheets it's supposed to keep your dishes
warm whenever you cook a large amount of
food as one dish cooks in the oven it
warms up the ready ones in the drawer
below it the tiny pocket inside your
jeans pocket it's not for rings or coins
it was made for pocket watches with a
pocket watch it goes in your jeans
pocket ok we'll move on
blue bristles on your toothbrush fading
it's a sure sign that is time to replace
it that's why they're there or your
roommates been using your toothbrush as
for the stripes in your toothpaste each
color has its own function the white
remove stains and well whitens teeth the
blue gives you fresh breath and protects
against germs the red stripe protects
and strengthen gums and the tongue has
to fend for itself a similar thing going
on with the three rings on a phone jack
each one represents different components
if your audio jack has three rings it
means your device can produce stereo
sound and your earphones have the
microphone function the holes in the
bottom of earphones allow air to
circulate up and through the speaker's
it helps increase low frequencies making
the bass sound deeper you know it's all
about the bass and the whole sound
quality much better trailers used to be
shown at the end of the movie not the
beginning like now that's why they're
called trailers trail means to follow
previews works for me have you ever
wondered why bulky wooden clothes
hangers are still a thing it's because
the natural oils in them repel moths
more specifically if the hangers are
made of cedar let's say someone gives
you a hard-boiled egg and you're not
sure if it's fresh or not here's the
trick if it peels easily its older
fresher eggs are harder to peel or maybe
you just rather make your own boiled
eggs to know if it's fully cooked just
spin it on the countertop if the egg
spins steadily without immediately
falling over it's done bath foam was
invented not only for fun it relieves
stress
cleanses the skin and most importantly
it keeps the water warm foam is made up
of tiny air bubbles that form an
insulating layer on the top of the water
keeping heat from escaping
today we wear rings as a stylish
accessory or to show marital status but
they used to serve more practical
purposes for example nobility use rings
as a seal stamp and archers wore them to
protect their thumbs from bowstring
injuries perfumes are used for a
pleasant aroma but they used to act as a
medicine against fleas poison and even
the play that big toothy spoon is great
for grabbing spaghetti out of the pot
but you can also use it before the dish
is even ready see that hold in the spoon
it's there to measure portions however
many dry noodles you can fit into it
that's the amount one person needs your
frying pan also has a handy hole in it
that big one in the handle is there to
hold your stirring spoon that way you
won't get sauce all over the top of your
counter or stove and of course you can
hang the pan on the wall to save space
you can also hang your ruler on the wall
maybe next year frying pad that's why
they have a hole in one end not for
spending the ruler around on the end of
your pencil though that's fun too if
you're a truck driver you might be
familiar with this one the rumble strips
on the side of the road are there to
wake up sleepy drivers who doze off
behind the wheel when your tires drift
off onto these strips the noise and
vibration work like an alarm clock black
coal eyeliner was originally made to
protect the eyes from the scorching Sun
the ancient Egyptians and pirates made
use of it does that explain those black
stripes football players paint under
their eyes the kings depicted on playing
cards are real historical figures spades
is King David clubs Alexander the Great
Hearts Charlemagne and diamonds Julius
Caesar they say a mattress doubles in
weight after 10 years because of
built-up dust mites flaked off skin
cells sweat body oil and other things
that don't sound too pleasant to sleep
on sorry but an old mattress does
contain all those things
but there's no scientific proof that it
gets two times heavier because of them
so good news those two holes in a
lollipop stick may make for a cool after
tree whistle but they're actually there
to hold the candy in place the stick is
dipped in hot liquid syrup it flows into
the holes solidifies and is firmly stuck
to the stick as for the hole in your pen
cap is for safety too many people like
to chew on the end cap of their pen and
they could accidentally swallow it
the hole is there in case that happens
to let air through so the person can
breathe that's also why Lego characters
have a hole in their head we've been
using post-it notes wrong this whole
time you're not supposed to peel it off
from the bottom this creates a crease in
the paper and the note won't stick as
well tear it off from this side it'll
stick for longer the blue half of an
eraser wasn't created to erase painting
is for pencil used on rougher paper and
finally the biggest mystery of them all
why does your shower curtain stick to
you when you're in there trying to get
clean according to the shower curtain
effect the hot water lowers the air
pressure behind the curtain the higher
denser pressure outside the shower
pushes the curtain in making you feel
like your shower curtain is out to get
you but no it's just feeling a little
clingy hey if you learn something new
today
they give the video a like and share it
with a friend and here are some other
cool videos I think you'll enjoy just
click to the left or right and remember
stay on the bright side of life
you